[Bulk] Validation Fixes (#250)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/v8-web-control/map-control-api/color-class.md

---
title: "Color Class | Microsoft Docs"

> description: "This article describes the Color Class and provides its properties, methods, static methods."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "This article describes the Color class and provides its properties, methods, and an example."
```
